feat: add doc about SSR and IdProvider (#91)
wonderflow-bv/design: pages/develop/utilities/id-provider.mdx

import { MdxLayout } from "@/components/layouts/mdx";
import tkns from "@wonderflow/tokens/platforms/web/tokens.json";
import { Snackbar } from "@wonderflow/react-components";

export default ({ children }) => (
  <MdxLayout
    title="Id provider"
    description="Wraps your app to provide stable ids internally."
    showMeta
    features={["Enables stable ids in server rendered environments."]}
  >
    {children}
  </MdxLayout>
);

> Wanda's components use auto generated ID's to handle accessibility-related attributes. While this works wel for static websites (SSG), if you are doing server side rendering you need to wrap you application with this provider in order to keep consinstency between ID's generated on the server and the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wanda's components use auto-generated IDs to handle accessibility-related attributes. While this works well for static websites (SSG), if you are doing server-side rendering you need to wrap your application with this provider in order to keep consistency between IDs generated on the server and the client.
```
